Clinical Lin Family Admission.
The trash like Zheng Tiancheng is gone.
I just invited Tianning again. I originally planned to,
This injury would kill him.
How could this waste have such a chance?
Okay, don't mention this again and you're dead.
Shangjinruanjia enters!
It is rare for Beijiang God King to come to such a public place.
We must seize this opportunity today,
No matter what the price is,
Be sure to get along with him.
You are here, Xiaozhi, this is the new high level of Australia.
The Chinese Overlord of Beijiang God King
Always fighting for power and interests
It may not be explained by that person
The old lady has no right to speak out.
This time my ex, Quan Xiang, is really concerned about Jiao Ling because I am fighting against corruption.
Quan Xiang is a general under Beijiang God King.
Jiao Ling at the price of war
It must have been foreshadowed by Beijiang Divine King
This Hua Dazhen
Old lady, this kind of thing
I don't want to joke. The hostage didn't expect it.
You handed over Tianchen so effectively
To be able to fight with the overlord of China
Is the general coming?
Your tiger is off
He is Zhanfu
Not Zhan Tianchen
The one with Zhan Tianchen
Zan Jing’s conscience
We have long been defeated by the Zhan Family
I heard that I don’t leave the family anymore.
Come to the venue today
Can learn family members
Why don't you see Zhan Tianchen?